lib: bin: lwm2m_carrier: update to version 0.30.0 (#7560)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/doc/asset_tracker_v2_description.rst

To enable the LwM2M carrier library, add the parameter ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-carrier.conf`` to your build command.

> The CA root certificates needed for modem FOTA, are not provisioned in the Asset Tracker sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CA root certificates that are needed for modem FOTA are not provisioned in the Asset Tracker v2 application.
```

> You can flash the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier` sample to write the certificates to modem before flashing the Asset Tracker,
> or use the at_client similar to what is shown in ref`lwm2m_client_provisioning`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can flash the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier` sample to write the certificates to modem before flashing the Asset Tracker v2 application, or use the :ref:`at_client_sample` sample as explained in :ref:`Preparing the nRF9160: LwM2M Client sample for production <lwm2m_client_provisioning>`.
```

> It is also possible to modify the asset tracker project itself to include the certificate provisioning, as demonstrated in the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier` sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to modify the Asset Tracker v2 project itself to include the certificate provisioning, as demonstrated in the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier` sample.
```
